Clarify Accept header significance on /events endpoint (#3972)
brimdata/zed: docs/lake/api.md

Subscribe to an events feed, which returns an event stream in the format of
[server-sent events](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/server-sent-events.html).

> The MIME type specified in the request's Accept HTTP header only affects the format
> of the objects returned in the `data` fields of the event stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MIME type specified in the request's Accept HTTP header determines the format
of `data` field values in the event stream.
```
